# Johnny Decimal

For sake of organization (because I (Craftidore) like things to be organized and everyone else is just going to have to deal with it), folder structure will follow the [Johnny Decimal](https://johnnydecimal.com) system of file organization. 

## 10 Buckets

As you need them, create top-level folders as buckets. These buckets should be *broad* and shouldn't have any overlap. There shouldn't be more than 9 buckets (plus a meta category), that's how broad the buckets are supposed to be. Buckets should be numbered by percentile (10, 20, 30, etc.). 

Example:

```md
- 00 Meta
- 10 Species
- 20 Locations
- 30 Major NPCs
- 40 Historic Events
```

## 10 Categories per Bucket

Inside each bucket, create up to 10 categories, labeled with the bucket's percentile number + 0-9 (i.e. 10, 11, 12, 13, etc. for the 10 bucket, and 20, 21, etc. for the 20 bucket). The first category should always be `X0 Index`, wherein indices (written by me (Craftidore)) with links to files will be included for organizational purposes. After that, categories should be somewhat broad—for example I'd probably write individual notes about certain species rather than make categories. I.e.

```md
- 10 Species, Cultures, and Civilizations
    - 10 Index
    - 11 Species
        - Various individual files about each species
```

rather than

```md
- 10 Species
    - 10 Index
    - 11 Catfolk
    - 12 Dwarves
    - etc.
```

## 100 Files

Inside each category, you can have up to 99 files (plus another Index file). Files should be labeled `categorynumber.id`. The category number is whatever number is assigned to the category folder above the note. The ID is just a 2 digit number. The index has the id `00`, but after that, id of each file is just file number counting up from 01. This should look something like the following:

```md
- 10 Species, Cultures, and Civilizations
    - 10 Index
    - 11 Species
        - 11.00 Index
        - 11.01 Catfolk
        - 11.02 Dwarves
        - etc.
```

## Some notes from experience

1. Talk with the other contributers before creating a new bucket, and mention any new categories when you create them. 
2. You don't need 10 buckets, nor 10 categories per bucket, nor 100 files per category. Only make as many as you need. 

