This story takes place in the year 2325 AD. Several important things have happened between now and then. First, World War VIII has just been completed (in which France was conquered by a new country called Naputo). Second, the English language has gone extinct. Third, gravity-weakening devices have been invented. They are spheres which can have a certain amount of mass input. A field will expand from the sphere until that quantity of mass is encompassed and within that field the gravitational force is modified by some amount anywhere from 0.01-0.99 times the amount of original force.

Only 500 French people survived the war, and they want a new homeland. After some careful plotting, they decide they will take their fleet of flying boats and fly across the Atlantic Ocean to try and take over a small coastal country in what used to be Brazil, called Wendellfrit- zia. Wendellfritzia remained neutral throughout the war but had been secretly building up its armed forces. Its scientists had recently invented large, mounted disintegration guns called hopes (a meaningless word to them), all of which they mounted on huge floating fortresses above their land and ocean. 

On their wooden, pirate-esque, anti-gravity device (AGD)/jet powered boats, the French are on their way to take over this country and make it New France. The day before the French are set to launch their surprise attack, a young private named Pierre, faced with the daunting task of the dishes of 500 people, did not properly wash off the soap. As punishment for delaying the attack, Pierre is left on a small island to be retrieved after the battle. The French first attack the offshore floating fortress, whose existence surprises them. The fight goes well for the French, until the Wendellfritzians decide to test their hopes. All the French are captured or fall into the ocean, their boats having disappeared from under them. Pierre is the last Frenchman. 

Despite not yet knowing this, he decides to use a malfunctioning AGDJ (anti-gravity device with jet) left behind and a raft pieced together on the island to join the war. He slowly makes his way to shore until he approaches the first fortress. When he gets near the fortress, it explodes and falls into the ocean. Confused, he continues onward. At every fortress he approaches, the same thing happens. The president of Wendellfritzia decides to evacuate the country, Pierre frees his remaining countrymen, and over the next 300 years New France uses the technology of the hope to take over much of the world.

Why did the fortresses explode and Wendellfritzia lose the war? All their hopes were built on castles in the air.

New France went on the “conquer the world,” however they caused a nuclear winter which was the apocalypse.

Old Earth had 5 LifeBiomes: Normal ground dwellers
