# Timeline

## First Age

- The First Age begins with the end of World War VIII, in 2325 AD.
  - The English language has gone extinct
  - Major technological advances have occurred, including the invention of [AGDs](#12.01).
  - France was eliminated from the map by a country called Naputo, which ended in a near-genocide of Frenchmen.
- The remaining ~500 Frenchmen attempted to (and somehow succeeded in) conquer [Wendellfritzia (Not Created)](#00.00).
- From Wendellfritzia, [New France (Not Created)](#00.00) went on to conquer the world.
- New France triggered a [nuclear winter](#00.00).
  - Everyone died, except those in [LifeBiomes (Not Created)](#00.00), which preserved humanity into the next age, after the nuclear holocaust had ended.

## Second Age

- Around 1100 NA8, the Earth's radioactivity has reduced to the point where life can survive with minimal side effects.
- The populace of the [MotherBiome (Not Created)](#00.00) suffered major losses in population. Those that survived endured heavy mutation.
- The [SkyBiome's](#00.00) [AGDs](#12.01) faltered, and the SkyBiomes fell down to the MotherBiome. The people of the CoreBiome returned to the surface. Both suffered slight mutations.
- A small portion of the MotherBiome who had hidden themselves away in nuclear bunkers emerged as the only unmutated humans.
- Around 1300 NA8 magic was rediscovered.
- By 1500 NA8, the world had forgotten about their origins as 'earth' and was indistinguishable from a traditional high fantasy setting.
<!-- Put lore about the world post fantasy-ification here -->

### Current Events

- The countries in the general Scandinavian area fall apart and City-States rise in power.
- Elves split into the [Wood Elves](#21.02) and the [Free Elves](#22.02) formally, establishing their own separate leaders. The Free Elves moved out of the forests and spread out among the populace.

<!-- Put lore about current events here -->
