# Timeline

## First Age

- The First Age begins with the end of World War VIII, in 2325 AD.
  - The English language has gone extinct
  - Major technological advances have occured, including the invention of AGDs (12.01<!-- REDLINK -->). 
  - France was eliminated from the map by a country called Naputo, which ended in a near-genocide of Frenchmen.
- The remaining ~500 Frenchmen attempted to (and somehow succeeded in) conquer Wendellfritzia <!-- REDLINK -->. 
- From Wendellfritzia, New France <!-- REDLINK --> went on to conquer the world.
- New France triggered a nuclear winter <!-- REDLINK -->.
  - Everyone died, except those in LifeBiomes <!-- REDLINK -->, which preserved humanity into the next age, after the nuclear holocaust had ended.

## Second Age

- Around 1100 NA8, the Earth's radioactivity has reduced to the point where life can survive with minimal side effects.
- The populace of the MotherBiome<!-- REDLINK --> suffered major losses in population. Those that survived endured heavy mutatation.
- The SkyBiome's <!-- REDLINK --> AGDs (12.01) <!-- REDLINK --> faltered, and the SkyBiomes fell down to the MotherBiome. The people of the CoreBiome returned to the surface. Both suffered slight mutations.
- A small portion of the Mother Biome who had hidden themselves away in nuclear bunkers emerged as the only unmutated humans.
- Around 1300 NA8 magic was rediscovered.
- By 1500 NA8, the world had forgotten about their origins as 'earth' and was indistinguishable from a traditional high fantasy setting.
<!-- Put lore about the world post fantasy-ification here -->

### Current Events

- The countries in the general Scandinavian area fall apart and City-States rise in power.
- Elves split into the Wood Elves (21.02) and the Free Elves (22.02) formally, establishing their own seperate leaders. The Free Elves moved out of the forests and spread out among the populace.

<!-- Put lore about current events here -->
